- Good morning, clan,
and welcome to day 1018.
Just got done editing the
vlog and today's gaming video.
It's gonna be a Minecraft
video with Sierra
and I think that's it, I
think I'm out of gameplays.
I gotta record some more today,
which means I've gotta move some stuff
and make a hole so I can
get to my PlayStation.
And yeah, this is like my first day
at my desk editing and I like it.
I like it, but it's a little different.
I'm a lot further away from the screen.
Because I have one of
these keyboard shelves
for my mouse and stuff,
it's a lot more comfortable.
My arms are at a good level
instead of being raised.
'Cause, for the last
forever, I've been editing,
the keyboard was up here.
Biggest difference is I'm
really far away from the screen.
Like, I can't even touch the screen,
which is good for the kids, right?
They won't be touching the screen
as much or at all, hopefully.
LIke I said, very comfortable
but just a little further away.
So, I don't know. Maybe I have
to pull this up a little bit.
We'll see, we'll see. But
today was pretty good.
- Hi guys, we just got back from school
and Mommy and Daddy haven't got one clip.
All Daddy got was the intro.
Sierra.
- [Sierra] What?
- [Bryce] Say hi.
- Hi.
- [Bryce] Anything to say?
- No?
Okay. (both laugh)
- Well, bye.
- Holy crap, you guys.
Super productive day
doing boring adult things.
Seriously, I had to call both
of my insurance companies
for my new insurance that we
have now that I'm independent.
And I was on hold with my
medical provider for 45 minutes.
Forty-five minutes, yeah!
I mean, I knew I was gonna be on hold
for 40-plus-something
minutes 'cause it told me.
But, just the fact that I had
to wait that long is just (explodes).
But now, I got the kids and we are headed
to my parents' house to help my dad
put together his new grill.
My brothers and I got him a new grill.
It's awesome, it's a
three-piece charcoal/gas/burner.
So it's this huge grill
and I told him, I said,
"I'll deliver it and I will
help you put it together,"
which is what we're doing today.
- So, we're here at my parents' house
and this thing is a beast.
Check out all of this
crap. Here's the box.
That's the grill, pretty
much right there, the base.
There's the tops, bottom, trash, legs,
and there's like three of these
boxes with parts and pieces.
OMG, why didn't I look
into assembling this
before I bought it? (laughs)
All right guys, so about an hour in,
here's what I've got so far.
Pretty much the whole base is done.
The next step is to grab
the actual grill piece
and set it on top.
- [Clintus] Well I guess
somebody was hungry.
I didn't even have a chance
to pull the camera out
and inhaled your In-N-Out
burgers, holy crap.
- [Clintus' mom] He did.
[Clintus] At least now
you got fries right?
- [Clintus' mom] Sloppy mess.
- [Clintus] This is what
it looked like before.
Now, it's just a pile of
crap. (Clintus' mom laughs)
- [Voiceover] Pile of Bryce.
- Pile of Bryce.
(all laugh)
- [Clintus] Back at it,
got the side burner going.
Now we're hooking up the gas lines.
And there we go, guys, the final product.
Look at that bad boy.
It's got charcoal on one
side, gas on the other,
and a nice little infrared searing burner.
I've never even heard
of an infrared burner.
But, it looks pretty gnarly.
It's got a bottle opener on the side,
three gas burners.
I'm really excited about the charcoal.
I don't cook charcoal, ever.
Supposedly this thing will hold 20 burgers
and, trust me, my dad
will put it to the test.
- [Clintus] And just
like that, it's bedtime.
Look at that, Baby's already
snuggled up, ready to go.
She's like, "Yeah, I'll sleep some more."
That's the thing with the dog
is she's basically been
on the couch by herself
for like five or six hours
and then we come home
and we go straight to bed.
And so, it's horrible
because she's up all night,
she's restless. I feel
bad but it's what it is.
And you got school tomorrow.
- Yeah.
- [Clintus] You guys still doing science?
- Um, we didn't do it today
'cause Monday's our short day,
so we don't do science.
- [Clintus] But tomorrow?
- Yeah, tomorrow we're gonna do it.
- [Clintus] Sweet.
And this knucklehead. Got
your Cardinals blanket?
- Yeah, I have three blankets.
- [Clintus] I know, what's up with that?
- Because I have no shirt on.
- [Clintus] Well why
don't you put a shirt on?
- Because I have three blankets.
- [Clintus] Because I have
three blankets. (laughs)
But you have three blankets
because you don't shirt on.
So put a shirt on. "But I
don't wanna put a shirt on
"because I have three blankets."
- (laughs) So, once I have three--
- [Clintus] You're like all bundled up.
- Once I have a shirt on, I'm
only gonna have two blankets.
- [Clintus] Oh, okay.
Somebody wants to play.
(toy squeaks)
(dog growls)
- This is what happens when
she's cooped up in the house
for six, eight hours at a
time with nothing going on.
11:30 at night and she wants to play.
So that was cool, guys.
I was able to put my dad's
grill together for him.
It made the present that much sweeter
that he didn't have to
put it together, right?
It was done for him.
He got home, helped me out
with the last, I don't know,
10 steps or so, 15 steps.
For the most part, he
held the flashlight for me
and just kept me company and
kind of talked a little bit
about work and my new journey
that I'm on and whatnot.
The funny thing was it
brought back a lot of memories
of working in the garage.
He'd be working on a car or
doing something in the garage
and I would be the one there
holding the flashlight.
And I joked a little bit, I
remember how I'd be out there
holding the flashlight for
him and I'd start to think
about other things and daydream
and the light would start to veer off
and he'd be like, "Hey Clint, Clint."
The whole reason why I'm out
there is to hold the flashlight
for him and I'm not paying attention.
So, it was cool. It was cool just to chill
and hang out with my dad.
- Sorry there wasn't more
going on in today's video.
Like I said, doing boring adult
things for most of the day
until I picked up the kids from school
and went to my parents' house.
And that's what you got.
But tomorrow is another
day and another opportunity
for another great vlog.
So stay tuned, check back
tomorrow for that and vlog on.
- [Clintus] Once again
guys, thank you so much
for watching our videos.
I really do appreciate it,
it means everything, really.
And if you're listening to this right now,
an extra-special thanks to you.
If you're listening to this
right now, leave a comment
and put whatever your favorite fruit is,
just one word after a comment.
If you're gonna leave a comment,
at the end of your comment,
just leave a fruit, a name of a fruit.
A banana, apple, cherry,
grape, whatever it is,
and that way I'll know that you listened
to all of the end slate and
then I know who you are.
Because I really do love you.
You know what, the fun
doesn't have to stop there.
There's two more really
great videos on the screen.
You're seriously not
gonna wanna miss these.
One year ago, we went dirtbike riding
for the first time in 2014.
If you're a big dirtbike fan,
you gotta watch that video, it's great.
Two years ago, I babysit
Victoria for the very first time.
And so she hangs out with us
after we have a long fun day of bowling
and having sleepovers and whatnot.
So, this video is great.
Both these videos are great.
So watch them both.
You can click on the link
or click on the screen,
it'll open in a new
window, you can go back
and watch the other one.
Watch 'em all. Watch 'em all!
I'll see you guys tomorrow. Bye.